hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP yeah this is going to be a change
of pace okay life Admiral is on the show
where you come from my femoral come from
the Middle East
oh boy okay well yeah welcome to the
show it's always nice to have colors
from all over the world what do you want
one actually all right so I think it's
about time that we talk about the
elephant in the who talks about well TSM
is gonna pick it up and everything but
it's time to shine a light on CLG and
the fact that it seems that they have
the single worst coaching staff in the
league they it does not appear like that
they understand Manor now yeah I get it
every single person on CLG right now has
been to Worlds ran over snake the
world's two in two different leagues
darshan who knee and stick sailed
together on CLG and bio frost on TSM but
the fact is one smithy wantin once a
from some this team does not understand
macro they're doing things like trading
to to mid lane towers for an ocean drive
things like that so I think this really
comes down to the coaching staff because
it's copy after week after week after
week where they're making mistakes and
nobody seems to be picking up on oh hey
this is a mistake now I'm wanted to sit
across last week but I kind of fell
asleep before I started so give me your
your opinion but I think I think this
coaching staff is it needs a turnover
personally liquid by though as you're
saying this liquid Steve and chat Cecile
Jie has one of the best coaches in the
league
so already got even either is playing
the long game we're here where he's like
trying to keep CLG with a shitty coach
or he actually disagrees with you I
don't know so this is less of a chopper
question or more of a mark question
because I wouldn't expect the head of na
LCS to discuss if he thinks that the
coach
staff 4-cyl gee he's a fan he says he
won't offer you toppers I mean six also
be fired here's the thing that I just
want to say I've been a fan of CLG like
long time we're talking 2012 back when
gigi was a it's Gigi and Lincoln and
Chao stored on the team like we're
talking a long time so I've seen a lot
of different iterations of CLG so this
one this version does not seem well
coached me I so I'll I'll actually jump
in since you make fun of me for not not
know my analytical Travis well I
mean look like I've seen I've seen six
around four years now it I think there's
something to be said for a guy that has
coached one of the only three franchises
that has never lifted a championship
banner and na and like this is a team
that's been competitive over the course
of years and you know at various times
has had more success than less success
and the gun through struggling patch
right now but like that literally could
turn around in patch 8.4 like you don't
know whether or not those guys are gonna
kind of turn around for the second half
of this season or maybe even what we've
seen these guys able to kind of go back
and forth and and channel that magic and
make great runs like they did at MSG so
you know I personally think it's it's
tough to kind of hit that hard on six I
mean I'm sure there's elements of his
coaching that mark could probably
diagnose more accurately than I could
but like I think judging a guy by six
weeks when he's been successful for the
course of four years is is a little
preemptive mark yeah I mean that's
exactly kind of point I would make just
like yes I agree there's been some
things I don't like one of the things
that we hear a lot about from is like
the drafts are particularly weird and
for someone who's usually known for
drafting it's like oh man this really
sucks to see maybe he's lost his touch
but like the team's also not playing
well and it's one of those things where
like you have a draft that has a couple
wind conditions and if you don't play to
them it looks like a bad draft so a good
example this would have been like the
kamil a really installed game where like
we're used to seeing who he on kids
with the really
sold the joke is like every time he
picks it oh man it's the really insole
like you know the one so every couple
months you leave it up and get on
to remind yourself that who he's with it
except that didn't happen this time and
they over focused top lane and all that
stuff happens so it looked like oh what
a draft because they got out scaled
so I think it's a bit of a chicken in
the trigger of the egg where it's like
the team kind of sucks is did
zix lose his touch probably not and
maybe he has but I would give him more
than one or I guess at this point two
thirds of a bad split before you're
calling for his head I think that's fair
I just I just it's it speaks volumes
about how tanked won Smith went and then
after after milk even went worse so I
think I think those players actually had
much more a much bigger emphasis on the
team the team did thins exited because
dick seems to be the only constant so
that's my that's my opinion but I have
no problem sitting and watching just
frustrating yeah I mean I can feel that
but like you know like chopper said they
voiced at a banner they were fourth last
but they changed out two players and
suddenly they're 9th like probably has
to do with some of those other changes
that happened yeah hey thanks so much
life had enough for calling in and thank
you for calling I'm sure it's pretty
late or pretty early there so I
appreciate you 30 no 7 yeah well thank
you so much for for being up at this
time for us thanks alright moving on to
our next caller